[ONRAMP-539] adding ethereum mainnet for wallet fund and quote_fund (#251)
coinbase/cdp-sdk: typescript/.changeset/wide-boats-punch.md

---
"@coinbase/cdp-sdk": minor
---

> This change adds ethereum mainnet support for the wallet fund and quoteFund operations for server/smart accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ethereum mainnet support for the wallet fund and quoteFund operations for server/smart accounts
```
